Clarify installation instruction for libsecp256k1 on openSUSE (#913)
Zilliqa/scilla: INSTALL.md

- Install `libsecp256k1-devel` from
  https://software.opensuse.org/package/libsecp256k1-devel by clicking

>   the wrench icon next to the Search button and selecting `Show
>   experimental packages`, and then performing the 1-click install from
>   the `network:cryptocurrencies` project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the wrench icon next to the Search button and selecting `Show
  development packages`, and then `OK` to apply the settings.
  Then you should see the page reload and show the package in
  question.  Click the `Show experimental packages` icon 
  corresponding to your distribution in order to perform the
  1-click install from the `network:cryptocurrencies` project.
```
